			TIG HELP
				by Lance M. Optican, NEI, NIH

INTRODUCTION:
	This directory contains the Terminal Independent Graphics
package from Johns Hopkins University, as modified and
currently running at the National Eye Institute, NIH.
It is configured to run on VAX computers running UNIX - BSD 4.2/BRL.
	The TIG software is described in the TIG user's manual,
by George Toth of Johns Hopkins.  It is best to use a copy of
the manual which includes annotations by Lance Optican of NEI.

INSTALLATION:
	This directory is complete, and can be archived on tape in
"tar" format.  When installing this package for the first time,
some care must be taken.
	It is necessary to install a new system library, libt.a
(see "lib" directory makefile).
	Some common definitions have been put in system files
in /usr/include.  Therefore, our /usr/include files must be
searched to see if any missing macros or definitions are needed.
The tig include files are "tig.h" and "tig_misc.h".
	The fonts supplied originally with TIG were poor, so the NEI
group installed a set of Hershey fonts.  These should be installed
in a special font directory, such as "/usr/local/lib/tig".  The
name of this directory is specified in the file "putsymb.c", if you
need to install it somewhere else.
Note that the old fonts and the new fonts can not be easily mixed,
since Toth made some mistakes in the way he defined his kearn values.
(These can be overridden with %K in strings, however.)

EXAMPLES:
	There are some examples in the "ex" directory, to test your
installation.  Many users can benefit from some simple plotting
programs, such as plot or simplot, which insulate them from the details
of TIG.

QUERIES:
	The TIG package really belongs to JHU, and so questions should
be addressed to:
	George Toth
	Dept. Electrical Engineering
	Johns Hopkins University
	Baltimore, MD
	Also, be advised that Toth is selling TIG as part of a combined
text processing and graphics package (that's how the user's manual
was produced), so commercial users should be directed to Toth.
